Can I come to your house?
I can do anything for you
My favorability is 100
Favorability reaches 100%
Wasn't this woman very capable just now?
Congratulations uncle
Successfully turned Li Feier into S
Get rewards for spending money on Li Feil
I'll wash your clothes and cook for you
I won't cause you any trouble.
Really anything is possible
Well, didn't you say before that you didn't want to marry me?
I
I am willing now
What if I say I want you to be my lover?
It's okay. I understand.
There is really no bottom line
Okay, let's go home.
But my home is a bit small now.
We're going to buy a house tomorrow.
Really
Of course it's true
Rewards with returns
How can I not throw a lot of money into your cash cow?
Brother Feng, you are so nice to me. Thank you.
Hey wait
Isn't it 10 times cashback after successful strategy?
What are tens, hundreds, thousands, billions?
I'm rich, haha.